we do get captivated by media by
the attention drawn to other
countries to the big animals
that are better being
slaughtered by poachers and we
do forget that we have the same
problems going on in our
backyard
whenever out we see a deer lane
and field that's been killed in
the middle and I with its
antlers cutoff makes you sick
but I think we forget how often
it happens here how often it
happens around us in those times
when there is a conviction when
the poacher is brought to
justice
I feel like we've all been able
to speak for the ones that can't
be heard for the animals are the
ones that have been taken
illegally because it's stealing
from all of us when a poacher
kills an animal they have stolen
from every single one of us
I keep doing this job because I
believe in it because i believe
it's the right thing today
because someday I want my
children to be able to say mom
did what she believed in she
push hard and she gave it
everything she had had a good
time along with God